<hr />
<h2>Text</h2>
<p>My ideal rebel
Donald Knuth is an American mathematician and computer scientist, with interests in algorithmic complexity and the mathematical notations representing it. Unlike Dyson's rebel of Benjamin Franklin, Knuth having a formal education - completing a PhD in mathematics - he fits best my definition of a scientific "rebel" through his many contributions, not just in academia. His pursuit of perfection is admirable to be, for example unsatisfied by the inferior typesetting in a book he released in 1968 resulted in him developing a typesetting software for future versions (and which is still used today). Particularly resonating with me as a "rebel" facade may be part of his humor - such as giving out cheques as a "finder's fee" for the discovery of errors and mistakes written by him.</p>
<p>References
Donald Knuth - Wikipedia</p>
<h3>Identified Rebel: Donald Knuth - Wikipedia</h3><hr />
<h2>Text</h2>
<p>My ideal rebel scientist, is a recently retired lab head and researcher, Professor Dave Vaux AO. </p>
<p>Dave's work studied cell death and signalling pathways. He is a major contributor to the discovery of Venetoclax, a monoclonal antibody that binds Bcl-2 (a prosurvival protein unregulated in cancer). Venetoclax is now a first line treatment in patients with many blood cancers. </p>
<p>I consider a Dave a rebel. He was known at the institute for rigorously appraising papers for data accuracy. He was known to email well-respected journals demanding error bars on graphs, questioning sample sizes and the validity of 'statistic significance'. To paraphrase Dave, if you need to use statistics to get to answer, design a better experiment. </p>
<p>It is questioned whether Dave retired or was pushed out of science because of his fearless constructive criticism. </p>
<p>Dave's legacy reminds me to think critically about data and what it truly represents. Good quality data with good quality analyses is integral to the field of biomedical informatics. </p>
<h3>Identified Rebel: Dave Vaux AO</h3><hr />
<h2>Text</h2>
<p>John Snow was a UK scientist who proved that the germs were responsible for the proliferation of disease. Snow was a scientist I encountered through my undergraduate studies in Immunology, and he is still taught today to students as a reminder of the ever proliferate miasma theory and how, through scientific evidence, Snow proved the theory wrong and saved lives in a town where cholera was epidemic. 
Snow was a rebel scientist in the sense that he defied - despite popular belief - of the miasma theory, which stated that outbreaks of disease were brought upon by "bad air", emanating through rotten organic matter. 
Snow proved his theory by mapping the outbreak patterns through the town people who were diseased or had passed away. His mapping showed him a pattern consistent with the route of the water pump (Broad Street pump) and upon taking samples of the water, discovered microscopic evidence of "germs", a novel idea of the origins of diseases. 
His theory was not accepted even by the government at the time, who despite removing the handle on the pump, rejected his theory (as that would have meant admitting that oral-faecal transmission of disease was possible). 
Because of the understanding of Snow and his actions (as well as the reactions against him), my approach to biomedical informatics is influenced. Rather than accepting current approaches and understandings to bioinformatics, I would take it up myself to understand how things work and find patterns and evidence of a more helpful, life saving strategy to apply to record keeping and information sharing. This is with the understanding that despite the government rejecting this theory, making them aware and understanding of it is important so that one day in the future, lives will be saved if the government finally decides that their approaches are outdated.</p>
<h3>Identified Rebel: John Snow</h3><hr />
<h2>Text</h2>
<p>I think Elon Musk is the ideal scientist. Although Elon is a first born, using Dyson's description of the scientist rebel, like Benjamin Franklin, he did not have a formal engineering background and yet was able to transform the aerospace and automobile industry.  His unrelenting questioning of the status quo is how he came to change it. I have selected Elon because as Alan Turing once said, “Sometimes it is the people no one can imagine anything of who do the things no one can imagine.” I believe Elon’s diverse interests which spans beyond technology, reasoning by first principles and voracious reading abilities will influence my approach to biomedical informatics. </p>
<h3>Identified Rebel: Elon Musk</h3><hr />
<h2>Text</h2>
<p>My ideal scientist is Nicolaus Copernicus. Copernicus's model on Heliocentrism is certain a huge rebellion against the knowledge system on astronomy in the 15th century. The publication of Copernicus' model in his book De revolutionibus orbium coelestium (On the Revolutions of the Celestial Spheres), just before his death in 1543, was a major event in the history of science, triggering the Copernican Revolution and making a pioneering contribution to the Scientific Revolution. His proposes are not impulsive, but very insightful reflections on predecessors' observation and findings. He carried out deliberate philosophical thinking and mathematical calculations based on the literature, then forming his new understanding of astronomy. This is judiciousness, as mentioned by Dyson. In the discipline of biomedical informatics, the same applies. It is not about always innovate somethings new from scratch. Instead, we should reflect, then improve on works from other celebrities, then initiate a meaningful rebellion against the current state, aiming for positive impacts.</p>
<h3>Identified Rebel: Nicolaus Copernicus</h3><hr />
<h2>Text</h2>
<p>Freeman Dyson identified Benjamin Franklin as an ideal scientist rebel mainly because he did not follow the standard rote of becoming a scientist. Benjamin Franklin did not have a formal education and wealthy background, which were associated as the main routes to success in science. But he managed to become a great scientist. 
I am not deeply engaged in science. Thus the scientist I selected as an ideal scientist might sound basic and primitive, but I believe that my scientist is a good choice. 
I selected Albert Einstein to be an ideal scientist. Albert Einstein is widely acknowledged to be one of the greatest physicists of all time. He rebelled against authority and refused to learn by rote. He believed that rote learning causes the loss of the spirit of learning and creative thinking. Instead of following the rote learning,  Albert was studying at his own pace and also learned what was interesting to him. For example, in his spare time, he read philosophy books, which were not part of his university degree. 
His quote, "Everyone is a genius. But if you judge a fish by its ability to climb a tree, it will live its whole life believing that it is stupid." perfectly reflects his rebellion.<br />
Talking about how Albert Einstein might influence my approach to biomedical informatics. Albert Einstein will encourage me to perform self-learning and educate myself beyond the official program of degree. He will also encourage me not to get upset and not to give up in the moments when some parts of the study become hard for me to understand. But instead, he will encourage me to identify the aspects in biomedical informatics that I find the most interesting and exciting for myself and develop a deeper understanding of them. Finally, Albert Einstein will encourage me to stay open-minded and versatile throughout my experiences in medical informatics. I believe all of that will positively contribute to my learning of biomedical informatics. </p>
<h3>Identified Rebel: Albert Einstein</h3><hr />
<h2>Text</h2>
<p>Freeman Dyson idealises the scientist-rebel, one who rails against the current standards in order to, based on evidence, improve them. In recent times, the example of Dr Anthony Fauci in the USA during the COVID-19 pandemic has been a shining beacon of both rebellion and science. In the face of a combative and somewhat anti-science administration, where many people in the population promoted personal liberties ahead of mask-wearing, social distancing, and lockdowns, Dr Fauci promoted science and its advances. This was often in direct opposition to the very administration which he was employed by. He rebelled against the freedom-fighting anti-science group to promote evidence-based facts in order to help the US population through the pandemic. His rebellion eventually won through, with the subsequent administration embracing his scientific thoughts and public health recommendations. </p>
<h3>Identified Rebel: Anthony Fauci</h3><hr />
<h2>Text</h2>
<p>I believe computer scientist Alan Turing was the ideal scientist. This is due to his work embodying the key trait that Freeman Dyson identifies as the ideal scientist rebel - Rebellion without impulsivity. Throughout his upbringing, Turing's gift in mathematics and science was discouraged. Science study was frowned upon at the time and was deemed unconventional. However, he persisted with his passion for science to develop the revolutionary concepts of algorithms and computing. I think it takes an unbelievable amount of bravery to not conform to social norms, while believing in his own gifts to carry out a vision. Without pioneers like him science would not exist. This is highly influential for my approach as it inspires me to actively seek solutions outside traditional methods and trust in my own capabilities. </p>
<h3>Identified Rebel: Alan Turing</h3><hr />
<h2>Text</h2>
<p>Dyson describes Benjamin Franklin as his ideal scientist rebel given he had no formal education or inherited wealth, but also he was not impulsive. Otherwise, he remained relatively conservative.
This assertion reminds me of Galileo Galilei who is often referred to as the 'father of modern science'. Albeit an astronomer by profession, he was from a poor family with significant financial burdens. 
While not intentionally seeking to rebel against authorities (of religious standing at the time), he simply published his findings - only to note that it supported a 'banned' theory of heliocentricism suggested by Nicholaus Copernicus. Many of which were controversial (as it contradicted many past philosophers like Ptolemy and Aristotle) and invited new critical thinking, Galileo had alienated many esteemed professors and authorities. This escalated at its peak until his trial in 1633. 
This 'rebellion', perhaps extreme, was only brought about because his suggestions were deemed absurd by higher powers. This is very similar to Semmelweis such that his ideas were regarded as ridiculous and controversial. However, Galileo's time was when limited knowledge was accessible nor shared so, naturally, many ideas were indeed new.
Galileo's rebellion influences me to take a radical approach to biomedical informatics to be progressive and not necessarily accept what is 'the best way'. Perhaps someone suggested an alternative that is not easily accepted but requires further analysis and experimentation a la Copernicus. Perhaps, a little more digging here and there and continuous improvements of the current practices are what is needed to truly transform biomedical informatics. 
Hence, ultimately, my approach is to simply seek new ways to improve while using current information to inform my approach; as Galileo did when he published his theories of heliocentricism. 
References
WikipediaBrittanica.comHistory.com</p>
<h3>Identified Rebel: Galileo</h3><hr />
<h2>Text</h2>
<p>Torsten Wiesel
This Swedish therapeutic analyst was granted the Nobel Prize in 1981 for revelations with respect to the handling of data by the visual framework. His disclosures with respect to tactile preparing moved the therapeutic field and our understanding of the workings of the human body forward by jumps and bounds. Torsten Weisel examined at the Karolinska Established, a Stockholm therapeutic college. His disclosures opened the entryway for the treatment of childhood cataracts and Strabismus. Wiesel was too granted the National Decoration of Science in 2005, and the Arrange of the Rising Sun, Fantastic Cordon, one of the most elevated respects gave by the country of Japan.</p>
<h3>Identified Rebel: the National Decoration of Science</h3><hr />
<h2>Text</h2>
<p>My ideal scientist is Larry Weed. I chose him because I love the fact that he considered the most basic thing in any fields not just medical, which is documentation. In my opinion, a scientist requires fact, data, and any form of documentation as his/her references to make new theory, even to conclude any findings which makes documentation standard is important. Moreover, by using the same standard, we can make a better decision and have a reliable source to help us make accurate decisions, in this case, medical reasoning.
How he will influence my approach to biomedical informatics? I think by emphasizing the documentation standard will help me to understand the biomedical informatics in a systematic way and how the medical information is written so that I can understand what it means, which is very important for me as a non medical background student. A uniformed documentation along with the writing standards will also help me to learn and absorb the key points of biomedical information and learning materials that will be given throughout this subject.</p>
<h3>Identified Rebel: Larry Weed</h3><hr />
<h2>Text</h2>
<p>My ideal rebel is Larry Weed who is an American Physician, researcher, educator, entrepreneaur , author and is famous for the problem-oriented medical record as well as the method of documentation in medical(SOAP). It reminds me the “Death of an African child”case that if the hospital had got any systematic management experience on caring fer patients, like applying the “SOAP”, the tragedy would not have happened. Larry Weed takes me into a magical field of biomedical ingormatics where patients can get access to  the very last medical knowledge and physicians can obtain the digital history records of the patients.This means all those information are shared on the medical database, largely reducing the mistakes on clinical diagnosis.I believe our future world is an open world and the shared database can make the field of biomedical informatics better.</p>
<h3>Identified Rebel: Larry Weed</h3><hr />
<h2>Text</h2>
<p>I think the most ideal scientist is Sir Isaac Newton. He published "Mathematical Principles of Natural Philosophy", which laid the foundation for physics and astronomy and became the foundation of modern engineering. I think that in medical informatics how to quantify all information reasonably through digital methods, the essential principles of knowledge and processes have similar expressions to Sir Isaac Newton's mathematical methods to quantify the laws of nature. Compared with traditional empirical diagnosis methods, medical informatics helps modern medicine to better quantify standards and help doctors provide more reliable diagnosis and treatment results. I think the way to learn bioinformatics is how to integrate information technology with the current environment and then with medical methods to provide better solutions for patients. Learning medical informatics needs to continuously identify, analyze and quantify the areas that can be improved in the current medical system to provide a reasonable solution to the existing problems. Therefore, I think Newton's spirit of exploring the laws of nature conforms to the behavioral patterns and logic required for learning medical informatics.</p>
<h3>Identified Rebel: Isaac Newton's</h3><hr />
<h2>Text</h2>
<p>In my mind, Albert Einstein is the ideal rebellious scientist. His rebellious spirit could be reflected from the following recorded events.
1) Einstein was rebellious to the authority since he was a child in the school, and the principle of the school claimed he could never accomplish any great work in the future.
2) Einstein refused the traditional religious belief of his race as he believed the only belief was to stay humble to and face his ignorance of the mystery of the universe. 
3) As is well known, in Germany one uses the polite form 'Sie' for adults and for people who are not members of one's family, while 'Du' is used only within the family, amongchildren, and between close friends. Einstein insisted addressing his music teacherwith 'Du', Herr Schmied
4) At the age of 5-6, one day, Einstein was playing the Bach Double Violin Concerto with an excellent professional violinist, Gerhart Hauptmann's daughter-in-law, and me at the piano. He suddenly broke off and shouted furiously at his partner, whose playing was drowning him out: 'Don't play so loud!'
For me, the reason why I think Einstein is my ideal rebel scientist is that Einstein's genius reminds us that a society's competitive advantage comes not from teaching the multiplication or periodic tables but from nurturing rebels. A rebellious mind means not destroy the established order of the society but to remain just conservative enough to be able to nurture a rebellious mind in the environment. Also, a rebellious mind means we should not blindly obey authority but always hold doubts and thoughts, and by exploring and experimenting, we will eventually be able to reach the truth.</p>
<h3>Identified Rebel: Albert Einstein</h3><hr />
<h2>Text</h2>
<p>I believe that Alexander Fleming is an ideal scientist because of the circumstances surrounding his discovery of penicillin. It was not by intention that the penicillium mold spore would be added to the culture producing (at the time) such a curious result that led to the discovery of penicillin. The petri dish containing the contaminated culture could have been discarded (given it was left on the lab bench during his absence) upon his return. This highlights that not everything occurs according to plan, however there are some opportunities that are presented that would require a keenness to pursue. Therefore, although it was termed an accident, the inquisitive nature of the scientist in him, I believe, drove him to investigate further. 
I believe that keen observation as well as a curious mind can lead to discoveries within the field of biomedical informatics. There would be expected as well as unexpected insights that can be garnered from the collection of health data and asking why such patterns occur makes seem all the more interesting.  </p>
<h3>Identified Rebel: Alexander Fleming</h3><hr />
<h2>Text</h2>
<p>My ideal scientist rebel is Dr Karl Kruszelnicki, (Dr Karl).  I have chosen Dr Karl as he has played a significant part in popularising science and is famous for his bright shirts and Dr Karl sessions on Triple J.  Dr Karl has a wonderful way of explaining complex scientific theories that makes them easy to understand.  From my observation, biomedical informatics would greatly benefit from being popularised in a way that makes it bright and jazzy.  If we could get Dr Karl to promote the work of biomedical informatics, we would see a rush of students come to learn and perhaps people working the health sector would also gain a better understanding of the work that occurs in this field. </p>
<h3>Identified Rebel: Karl Kruszelnicki</h3><hr />
<h2>Text</h2>
<p>To my mind, Larry Weed is the scientist rebel. He came up with the SOAP Documentation by focusing on the subject (patient), objective (clinician workers), assessment, and plan. this is very useful in biomedical informatics because these medical data must be recorded accurately, therefore, we can get a scientific reason regards patients' conditions. </p>
<h3>Identified Rebel: Larry Weed</h3><hr />
<h2>Text</h2>
<p>In my opinion, Charles Darwin is an ideal scientist as a rebellion.   Although his evolution theory has gained strong support in academic circles, Darwin, as the originator of modern evolution, is often attacked by groups and religious figures who oppose evolution theory. His persistence and faith in mind really motivate me. For learning and researching in biomedical informatics, the very vital thing is to observe those data sources ( eg: patients)  carefully. In this way, we can find some pattern or diversity. </p>
<h3>Identified Rebel: Charles Darwin</h3><hr />
<h2>Text</h2>
<p>My ideal rebel scientist would be Karl Kruszelnicki.
Dr Karl, as he is commonly known, is (in my opinion) a renaissance man, and a well-known science communicator on Australian radio and tv. His enthusiasm for all things science, combined with his ability to simply explain complex matters of science is infectious and inspiring.
“Karl has degrees in Physics and Maths, Biomedical Engineering, Medicine and Surgery and has worked as a physicist, tutor, film-maker, car mechanic, labourer, and as a medical doctor at the Kids’ Hospital in Sydney.” drkarl.com/about-karl.
Like Benjamin Franklin (and me), Dr Karl comes from a working-class background and has a love of knowledge which he wishes to combine and share.  “Dr Karl is currently the Julius Sumner Miller Fellow at Sydney University, where his ‘mission’ is to spread the good word about science and its benefits.”  drkarl.com/about-karl.
I selected Dr Karl because I hope to emulate him by combining my varied experience to advance the state of biomedical information and communicating the benefits and excitement of health informatics to the community at large.</p>
<h3>Identified Rebel: Karl Kruszelnicki</h3><hr />
<h2>Text</h2>
<p>I will choice Homer Warner. Homer Warner use digital computer to model diagnosis of congenital heart problems. He also participate the first computer-based patient record system (HELP)  which combine a knowledge base to improve decision-making by clinical. For example, if a patient develop symptom of a nausea, a fever and headache, HELP systems would be able to suggest the appropriate diagnostic tests. He is rebel scientist because  broken traditional blood pressure in manually. He makes me start to think about how to translating medical knowledge into computational data that can support doctor make judgment.
Homer also make me to think structure of medical knowledges. When you knowing the structure of these knowledge and you can know how to using computer to record these biomedical informatics. And then we can use these knowledge that we capture their structure to computationally and  helping provide care to patients. </p>
<h3>Identified Rebel: Homer Warner</h3><hr />
<h2>Text</h2>
<p>My Ideal Scientist: Sir Godfrey Hounsfield
Coming from an engineering background with no medical experience, Godfrey's proposal of imaging internal structures by taking multiple x-ray exposures around an object was not taken seriously1. 
Godfrey attempted to reach out to various hospitals to sell his idea, but was rejected by most radiologists, thinking that it would be a failure and a waste of time1.
Through his persistence and determination, he managed to prove that this was possible. Assisted by a neuroradiologist, he founded the modality of CT (Computed Tomography), pioneering the CT Scanner1. </p>
<p>I selected Sir Godfrey Hounsfield as his story resembles my personal experiences as a radiographer with a new EMR system. There are clinical workflows that are established without any input from clinical staff.
When we are using technology to benefit healthcare in Biomedical Informatics, I believe that making it work is one thing, but also ensuring that there is input from people (end-users) within the field, so that the end goal is beneficial and efficient for everyone.  </p>
<p>References
1. Petrik, Vladimir, Apok, Vinothini, Britton, Juliet A., Bell, B Anthony, Papadopoulos, Marios C.. Godfrey Hounsfield and the Dawn of Computed Tomography. (2006) Neurosurgery. 58 (4): 780. doi:10.1227/01.NEU.0000204309.91666.06</p>
<h3>Identified Rebel: Godfrey Hounsfield</h3><hr />
<h2>Text</h2>
<p>I would think of Ernst Ruska who contirbuted in the technical development of high-resolution electron microscopes. This helps look down the lens into a world of invisible that allows later scientist to be able to investigate on "invisible" biology. </p>
<h3>Identified Rebel: Ernst Ruska</h3><hr />
<h2>Text</h2>
<p>Robert Ledley is one of the rebel scientists who I believe to be ideal. He invented the first full-body CT Scanner. While everyone around him worked in writing, he revolutionized time by working on data processors for diagnosing a patient's disease.</p>
<h3>Identified Rebel: Robert Ledley</h3><hr />
<h2>Text</h2>
<p>According to me, Homer Warner is my ideal rebel/scientist who pioneered many aspects of computer science or applications to medicine. He became rebel on based of his own personal experiences. Warner's encounter with a nurse in ICU made him realized that simply providing data and displaying it in on a screen, won't be an adequate solution to the decision-making process. He then realized there was a need of computer system with some medical knowledge and that's when he gave his biggest contribution to the medical informatics by discovering the way of making computer aid decision-making process.</p>
<h3>Identified Rebel: Homer Warner</h3><hr />
<h2>Text</h2>
<p>My ideal scientist is Albert Bernard Ackerman. He was the founding figure of dermatopathology.1 He devised an algorithm for approaching inflammatory patterns in pathology, and he also included several differential diagnoses under a particular umbrella of a pattern. We call it now “Inflammatory Patterns by B. Ackerman”. His contribution to dermatopathology still holds today, and I think it will be the basis of diagnosis for a very long period. He was obsessed with patterns, finding small clues to differentiate one diagnosis from the other. He was bold, according to my mentors who trained under him, and not everyone liked him.  Dr Ackerman might, in a way, influence me to find ways or devise algorithms on how to organise or standardise the practice of dermatology. This can be applied to record-keeping, patient photography, dermoscopy, pathology, and other diagnostics. If the time comes that I will bring such innovations to a system that is used to doing things in the old way, I will remember that not everyone will agree with my idea, and I think that is part of the digital transformation that we need to overcome.</p>
<p>Bernard Ackerman. 2021, February 17. In Wikipedia. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/A._Bernard_Ackerman#cite_note-NYTObit-1</p>
<h3>Identified Rebel: Albert Bernard Ackerman</h3><hr />
<h2>Text</h2>
<p>I don't even have names for my proposed scientists yet as the names are known in scientific circles, but not in mass media, yet.   I propose that a modern scientist rebel are the various teams who have created the COVID vaccine using mRNA technologies.  While studied for some years, they (and their companies) took a  huge risk to see the value that creating a vaccine from a the spike protein of the virus would be effective at creating an immune response.   The applied use of this technology has led to the fastest vaccines developed in recent memory with impressive results from clinical trials and a technology which can be quickly adapted to changes in viruses.   The implications are enormous in that other cronaviruses, like the common cold, may be preventable.  Imagine a world where we actually can quickly manufacture a flu vaccine for that year instead of taking informed guesses.   It a non pandemic year, just the efficiencies gained from less absenteeism due to colds/flus would be a significant win.   In thinking about biomedical informatics, I wonder if we as a society would have moved to this newer technology nearly as quickly without COVID?   We're now in the biggest human medical trial potentially ever in history and the outcome may be faith in a new technology that truly revolutionises human illness.</p>
<h3>Identified Rebel: COVID</h3><hr />
<h2>Text</h2>
<p>I believe Archimedes, the ancient Greek mathematician and mechanical engineer, is an ideal scientist. Dyson’s description of Benjamin Franklin as a rebel scientist represents him as successfully challenging the traditional image of who a scientist is and what they do. I believe Archimedes embodies this description because in his time, the Greeks valued logically deduced and reasoned scientific arguments and did not emphasise an observation-based approach.(1). However, Archimedes experimented and applied theoretical knowledge to the real world. For example, the law of buoyancy, known as the Archimedes Principle, is said to have been observed when Archimedes got into a bath and noticed water spilling over the sides. Archimedes’ newfound knowledge led him to design a 110m transport ship, the largest in ancient times.(2). 
Although there is little ability to distinguish between the myth and reality of stories from ancient Greece, it is believed that before Archimedes was killed by Roman soldiers, ordered to capture him by their commander, he asked them not to interrupt him as he worked on calculations.(1).The legacy of Archimedes portrays someone who does not bend to the ideals and wills of others and is unapologetically dedicated to something believed to be important. Archimedes was also not a soldier, but used his knowledge to create catapults that helped fight the war against the Romans.(1). Healthcare is a field that shapes many peoples lives and I think it is undeniably important. Since I realised a couple of years ago my background in information systems could be used in the field of healthcare, biomedical informatics is something I have wanted to learn about. Translating background knowledge to assist in doing and contributing to something of perceived importance is highlighted in the stories of Archimedes which summaries my approach towards biomedical informatics. </p>
<p>Violatti C. Archimedes. [Internet]. United Kingdom: World History Encyclopaedia; 2013 Jun 24 [cited 2021 Mar 7]. Available from: https://www.ancient.eu/Archimedes/
Late great engineers: Archimedes of Syracuse [Internet]. United Kingdom: The Engineer; 2020 May 14 [cited 2021 Mar 7]. Available from: https://www.theengineer.co.uk/late-great-engineers-archimedes-of-syracuse/</p>
<h3>Identified Rebel: the Archimedes Principle</h3><hr />
<h2>Text</h2>
<p>I believe Charles Darwin fits Dyson’s description of a scientist rebel and is, for that reason, an ideal scientist. Darwin rebelled against the dogmatic views of the Anglican Church through his theory of evolution of species through natural selection. Darwin was not impulsive in his rebellion. Instead, he carried out his rebellion through many years of judicious work and with consideration and planning of resource constraints. Darwin influences my approach to biomedical informatics by teaching me that a patient and pragmatic approach is far more likely to bring about a successful rebellion. A frustrated, inpatient, or superficial approach is likely to bring about the opposite.   </p>
<h3>Identified Rebel: Charles Darwin</h3><hr />
<h2>Text</h2>
<p>Home Warner is my ideal scientist rebel. I appreciate that he seemed to be a more observational and detailed learner and at the same time was very ambitious and influential in creating change. He was honest and humble about the fact that he felt “ignorant” and wanted to continually learn from others and other disiplines to create better solutions, as opposed to a more selfish, and truly ignorant ‘fake it ‘til you make it’ attitude.</p>
<h3>Identified Rebel: Home Warner</h3><hr />
<h2>Text</h2>
<p>My Ideal Rebel Scientist is Leonardo Da Vinci. 
He is rebellious also in the sense that he was not born in high society, rather out of wedlock to a peasant.
He started his career as an artist and diversified into many other areas of interest including science and engineering.
Many of his inventions and ideas were years ahead of his time
I hope he might influence my approach to biomedical informatics by reminding me to think broadly about tasks and to be a forward thinker as it does not appear to be a narrow minded field.</p>
<h3>Identified Rebel: Leonardo Da Vinci</h3><hr />
<h2>Text</h2>
<p>I tend to agree with Dyson's identification of Benjamin Franklin as the ideal scientist, as consistent with a scientist rebel. What I agree with is Franklin's unorthodox and curious methods, which goes against conventional thinking at the time. For many, this mindset can be challenging as humans tend to put themselves in comfortable positions, which also includes gravitating towards journeys of knowledge 'as we know it'. Prior to this topic, I was unaware of the more specific details covered in the tutorial regarding Franklin. It feel the it is a display of both courage and wisdom (espcially in the context of judiciousness). </p>
<h3>Identified Rebel: Benjamin Franklin</h3><hr />
<h2>Text</h2>
<p>In my profession as a Dietitian, the research and advocacy completed by Lindo (formally Linda) Bacon is inspiring. 
Through their research, Lindo challenged the idea that a diagnosis of overweight/obesity automatically meant that an individual would have negative health outcomes, irrespective of their other markers of health. This research lead her to be one of the founders of the Health At Every Size (HAES) movement. 
Lindo also researched what impact dieting (any modification to eating pattern to facilitate weight loss) had on people's health, and what research suggests to recommend instead of dieting. 
Through research and advocacy, Lindo challenged traditional thinking patterns, to show that health professionals need to have a more holistic approach to health care. 
I believe that it is important to continually re-evaluate and question thinking patterns/processes/ best-practice guidelines. I think this approach is extremely valuable when considering biomedical informatics and its applications in health care/ public health. To be questioning, developing and evaluating how healthcare and the health system could be improved by better utilising technology, which traditionally has not been used. However, importantly being an advocate for it in the healthcare setting, where many clinicians don't have a full understanding of its use or potential applications.</p>
<h3>Identified Rebel: Lindo</h3><hr />
<h2>Text</h2>
<p>Hedy Lamarr
Hedy had a graceful demeanor and stylish stage persona, she had a charm, aesthetic and talent that could have seen her be boxed in to a 'type' or typecast as just an appearance. In an era where the role of women was to be more in the home, of an aesthetic, with less value on intellect, she was a bit of a 'badass'. She pioneered technologies that were before their time. She was an innovator, collaborator and very smart, strategic person during the war. Hedy appeals to the feminist in me as much as she does the scientist for exemplifying complexity</p>
<h3>Identified Rebel: Hedy Lamarr</h3>